## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-9mu2JKpUImscOMmwjm1y6MA2YsW3amSoFNYwKeUHxaXYKQ1naywWmamEGMdviEen"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-WFJdA9Hz+G9NQx5vPba/tcGyIibm57UkKVY32wNB/94iT2FmPma5W7gY8p2l6qps /es/languages/java.js
sha384-coaxfgI2lKuDqSxfMlfyPq5WM0THaLGyATZHzaFMrWdIbPcLdduuItTe6AmT/m33 /es/languages/java.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-12GbYFzdyZCSmfBTmO2CR/qE89K5uE1PEuJ3QUwXH0Q9u+uoLNigjH9dG7LAxxiI /es/languages/json.js
sha384-+DT7AtubDhVDciRc6CgjJJRsCt0L8NC3Dh8n9Tj2tZWU8rWxDIj1ViubmUDn8OCY /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-iBzB3Gn/ezqfaxd3xkqjVlWlUdqCAcOUBIjD5IQGs9p7tbFNU8ymlgKpDsGRGaDQ /es/languages/less.js
sha384-04z6U6c1rUG3NEMdXE8dOimK4VJx8yGR1D5qKHgS7319t9s27xfmtQLQKC6jDUuY /es/languages/less.min.js
sha384-JBkI+6623OoC1qCgG+MY/Ta0qRYSzTDH4NGMA+7U8RNOjkh7geFvYpRidvdHs3zT /es/languages/php.js
sha384-6Znh5S5q9F0hGNMtdaihFL3RJeMqL1a/UecjgzaBrhoxe4sjd5aiEOgokt7blhSW /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-lbDR+U/5ETRHb0r5ElxxVnAt95EFhleDFZw7nkVPcRk3lbX9NsT/Ppg37FFNiv8+ /es/languages/php-template.js
sha384-dGJwrvnfo/JaY0lSDtJuhB6XXPmL9hSqOnIYndlN0eE1PoA9FFxd+VtaSfcacNDA /es/languages/php-template.min.js
sha384-lRhSX2XDrY27NzrAS1t4YaeRtwjsY41kFBbIEYltkmnsfSE7lbBJMQVds2u/MqTT /es/languages/scss.js
sha384-RDUehV4j9Do6iGkYq9Gjn3aUxh6x+NFER1sHpLUXsNoCFjah8Ysrlad8ukLbIr4J /es/languages/scss.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-pYIeBYeCE96U9EkPcT4uJjNWyrB1BKB41JIadYJbvmGa5KacaoXtSQOUpBfeyWQX /languages/java.js
sha384-uUg+ux8epe42611RSvEkMX2gvEkMdw+l6xG5Z/aQriABp38RLyF9MjDZtlTlMuQY /languages/java.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-dq9sY7BcOdU/6YaN+YmFuWFG8MY2WYJG2w3RlDRfaVvjdHchE07Ss7ILfcZ56nUM /languages/json.js
sha384-RbRhXcXx5VHUdUaC5R0oV+XBXA5GhkaVCUzK8xN19K3FmtWSHyGVgulK92XnhBsI /languages/json.min.js
sha384-1c9TXIjKaFE96Q8dzV+3AF30su8LWfRZ6/PIqg1gPNQo+LMeGHwB602qIjQQ+CgC /languages/less.js
sha384-nT7qGhTl7ILVe2/0D834KL+fN+VL4uJg7GFmHHF8YMIg3LSbOrihvebWz6A6KLMD /languages/less.min.js
sha384-S1JDGPScVg8ikNKLZc4CSP0ZxLiJ7bOJMzTLfOzQiCxR6wPqAa+YtauHJXQpc2GV /languages/php.js
sha384-c1RNlWYUPEU/QhgCUumvQSdSFaq+yFhv3VfGTG/OTh8oirAi/Jnp6XbnqOLePgjg /languages/php.min.js
sha384-56Iyz0oX8ZJZPmm/9pflGG2cVp/0NER9AEbckNsLoTXXK5uMPpVWUkf/WL1BPzEb /languages/php-template.js
sha384-i5dGKRLoml9823i21v5ltbNFQCB7OAwkUve4TaJrwSnXRQ1kOjT+Wa8jX/EOj434 /languages/php-template.min.js
sha384-fwYddFsITuK2bPhi9RuIzwi4PTULEXgtEJsQzTdx97vOS/GHfrk+aNSLxEHgzQa5 /languages/scss.js
sha384-6u+QpCDqQidb5pcO+yBqy0xLJ30x30VlrFvXm8J84LMwGIw9q3U4u+Z9vFXlhB5x /languages/scss.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-YJvZ6RcMWOphkhJVchQjNGJgOMVwo51YGgkVDjf4D5/gHLB+3p2VspMOsvrW0/NK /highlight.js
sha384-lkrn2o8s68RBMBij4GsAD9GiIgc8oTnqzDYXwRlVGA+EaUaflAJXdlnM3EFEmW2G /highlight.min.js
```

